BURNING BETRAYAL
BASED ON THE NOVEL BY SUE HECKER
BABI AND CAIO ARE GETTING MARRIED
CALLING
HEY, I MISS YOU
- My love!
- Oh!
You scared me! Are you trying to kill me?
No, I don't want to kill you.
- Aren't you supposed to be in Rio?
- Yes.
I just came for a quick trip.
I have to testify in a client's case.
- Testify?
- Uh-huh.
Why? Are they suing you?
The Public Prosecutor's Office
is investigating them. Money laundering.
- And what do you have to do with it?
- Nothing.
It's common for them to call
all business partners
to testify in this kind of accusation.
It's just protocol.
Thiago already has all the accounts
and financial statements. All good.
By the way, your partner is the most
intelligent and organized guy I know.
Is he?
Fine.
The second most intelligent
and organized person
that I know, after you,
obviously, my love.
That's better.
But hey, close your eyes.
I have a surprise.
- Trust me.
- Caio…
Open them.
That's beautiful, honey! I love it!
Put them on so I can see.
Hold on. Let's see.
So?
- Do you like them?
- Stunning.
Stunning.
I'm gonna come.
- Okay.
- I'm gonna come, baby.
Oh, baby…
Oh, that was good.
What's that face?
It wasn't good?
- Of course, it was. It's not that.
- What is it then?
I was thinking about the motorcycle.
Motorcycle?
Yeah, I got an offer from a buyer.
Did I tell you?
Finally, right, baby?
It's good to hear that.
Especially since you have
so much to do for the wedding,
and that motorcycle is time-consuming.
How was your week?
The planning, has it been a lot of work?
There are still some of the decorations
to sort out. But it's going to be fine.
I'm really happy
with the life we're building.
Me too.
I love you.
- Are you hungry?
- I am.
- I'll make some pasta for us.
- How enthusiastic!
Pasta, a little wine.
Marvelous.
No, girl, you don't understand.
It wasn't one of those crazy dreams
where you're in the bathroom,
open the door,
and it's both the office
and your grandma's house.
This dream was real. Very real.
Hey, listen to this.
"Dreaming that you're cheating
doesn't really mean
you want to cheat on your partner."
See?
"It is likely that you are cheating
on yourself by making choices
that you sense are wrong."
I don't know, girl.
Think about what it could mean.
For example,
do you really want to get married?
I love Caio.
Why wouldn't I want to get married?
I dunno, you've slept
with few people before Caio.
It could be repressed desire.
I'd die of boredom having sex
with the same person my whole life.
We are definitely very different.
I don't know how you can trust
guys from dating apps.
Girl, what is riskier and more dangerous
than sharing your whole life with someone?
Thank you.
- A little more, please.
- Come here.
Can I download something on your phone?
A great app.
Thanks.
This way I'll always know where you are
and if you're safe.
Fine. But if you wanna know where I go,
I wanna know where you go too,
'cause if one day the app shows me
you're at a swinger's club,
I'll know your dream came true.
I'm going to have to let the seams out.
There's no other way.
No. You don't have to.
By the wedding day, I'll fit.
Excuse me.
- Coffee?
- Oh!
Thanks.
- Do you need anything?
- No.
No, I'm looking over
the transactions between Caio's business
and the construction company.
I want to go to the hearing.
Nonsense, Babi.
It's just a preliminary hearing.
I have everything sorted and organized.
I know, but I'm a business partner, right?
It's my obligation too.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
- It's going to be extremely boring.
- I know.
Oh, look, Thiago.
It looks just like my bike.
It breaks my heart a little to sell it.
Don't sell it then.
It's part of a different phase.
It doesn't fit into my life anymore.
Especially since I want to have kids.
We're late, Babi. Let's get going?
Let's go.
ROAD HARPIES MOTORCYCLE CLUB
- Where's Caio?
- He's late.
I've arrived.
Sorry, there was traffic.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
My name is Marco Ladeia,
and I am the judge of this court.
Let's begin this preliminary hearing.
Mr. Caio Siqueira, please.
Can you please describe in detail
the relationship of your import company
with Melagold Construction,
which is being accused
of irregular financial operations,
forming a criminal organization,
and money laundering for a drug cartel?
Well, my relationship with the company
started in 2009,
and since then
we have always maintained transparency.
My accountant, Thiago,
has brought all the balance sheets
and accounts to present to Your Honor.
…and for this reason,
I, as Caio's accountant,
can guarantee that there is
no connection between my client
and the illegal activities mentioned here.
That's all for the moment.
We are adjourned,
and everyone is dismissed.
I told you.
Let's get going?
Honey,
I need to hurry to the airport now.
I have a meeting in Rio. Okay?
- Already?
- Already.
- I love you. Take care of her.
- Leave it to me.
New car?
I also think it's excessive.
Hey, do you want to join me
for my bachelorette party?
But isn't that a thing
just for the ladies?
But you're my best friend.
You have privileges.
I see. Thanks, but I think it's better
if you enjoy it with your girlfriends.
- Wanna stop somewhere for lunch?
- I can't.
I have to say goodbye to a friend.
- Hi. Are you Camille?
- Hi. Yes.
- Take care of her, okay?
- Sure thing.
Take it off!
BRIDE-TO-BE
Handsome! Gorgeous!
What is that?
Surprise!
Your bachelorette party gift is here.
- Girl, you're crazy!
- It's paid for! Take him to the motel.
Of course not. I can't!
Stop being silly.
Caio will never know! Enjoy it!
No, I can't. You use the voucher!
You'll use it better than me.
Me? Are you sure?
- Before I regret it. Go!
- I'm going!
I'll be back in a flash. Let's go!
Come with me! Handsome, hot, gorgeous!
Get it!
Oh my God.
Let's start. This one is from you, right?
Show us!
- A clit-sucker.
- My God!
After two years of marriage,
it's gonna be more useful than Caio.
Thank you.
- I think I've opened everything.
- No, you still have this one.
Hold on.
- From whom?
- Let me see!
"To Babi, a little surprise
from a secret admirer."
Open it!
- Open it!
- Oh my God.
How mysterious.
Babi?
- Wow!
- Is it Caio?
- Another woman.
- Caio with someone else?
Babi?
Caio with someone else!
Open it, girl. You can come out now.
- No.
- Everyone's already left.
I'm never coming out of here.
Please, Babi!
Oh, thank goodness you arrived.
I've tried everything,
but she won't come out!
I can hear you!
Oh my God.
Hi, Babi. It's me, Thiago.
Open the door, please.
Why should I open it?
To look at people's faces
and say there's no more wedding?
That the guy I love doesn't even exist
and it's a lie?
I'm never coming out of here.
Come on, Babi.
A lot of people out here love you
and want to see you well.
Why did he do that to me, Thiago?
Honestly, I don't know, Babi.
But I'm so, so sorry, really.
I swear I'll do whatever you want.
You can ask me anything.
There's a place I want to go.
I don't think this is a good idea.
Why would you hurt yourself more?
Stop being a wimp, Thiago.
It is a good idea.
If Babi wants this, we'll work it out.
I need to know who this woman is, Thiago.
I need to know everything.
What's her name?
How long have they been together?
- How long have I been cheated on?
- Okay.
So, let's go.
- Good evening, Júnior.
- Good evening, Mr. Thiago. Can I help you?
You remember Babi, right? Caio's fiancée.
So, we need to go to his office.
Actually, she needs to go there
to pick up something he forgot.
If you could let us in,
that would be great.
Unfortunately,
without Mr. Caio's authorization,
it's not possible.
- I understand. That's what I told you.
- You know what?
Since their wedding is coming up
and he's traveling,
she wants to leave a surprise gift
for when he returns.
You wouldn't spoil
a kind gesture like hers, would you?
The world needs more romance.
Don't you think?
Let's go!
It's quick, right?
It's very quick. Very, very quick.
I can't leave the front desk for too long.
So, um… come over here with me.
I want to tell you something in private.
Come on!
Babi, wait!
I'll find out everything about her!
- This is crazy.
- I'll get his computer, find the password!
If you find something, you'll get hurt.
It's not worth it.
It doesn't matter!
Think.
- I can't stay for long, okay?
- Let me show you something.
- Show me.
- Sweetie!
What's that? I like it that way!
- Wanna see the big boy, do you?
- I do! I want to see.
My birthday? Obvious, right?
Stupid!
The dog's name.
Shit!
- That noise will get me in trouble!
- What noise?
Let me see. Focus here, see.
He wouldn't have been so dumb
as to leave something here. Let's go.
"To Nicole,
happy two-year anniversary, my love.
May many more come. I love you. Caio."
He's been with her for two years.
I'm sorry. I don't even know what to say.
Don't you think it's best if we…
Son of a bitch!
- I'm almost there!
- Bastard!
Bastard! He's going to have to sort
this shit out paper by paper.
So good! Oh…
His Scotch whiskey bottle!
This whiskey is so expensive.
Did you know? Fuck it!
This one too. He'd talk so much about it.
- Babi!
- What a cute bottle. Fuck it!
The little glasses I bought
when he inaugurated the office.
- Oh!
- I'm gonna lose my job, seriously.
- We'll text and meet up another day.
- No, come here!
- Don't you have anything else?
- Whatever you want.
- Clown! Idiot!
- Babi!
- Enough, Babi!
- Stop, Thiago!
- Give me your coat.
- Why?
- Give it to me!
- Let me see.
Wanna see the big lollipop?
Uh-huh.
You can't take his laptop.
We could get arrested.
- It's gonna be a mess!
- It's already a mess.
Let's go.
Let's go, Thiago!
- Wait. I have to go in there.
- No, wait!
- I need to go. I'm serious.
- Stay here. I'm not letting you go.
- Babi…
- The noise wasn't coming from here.
Look, there they are.
- Did it work, friend?
- It did.
My fiancé will love
the little gift I left for him.
I'll explain later.
Message me, okay?
Guys, nobody judge me, okay?
My God, this was the craziest thing
I've ever done in my whole life.
Oh, man.…
Babi, are you sure
you don't want us to stay with you?
I'm sure. I need to be alone.
Bye, friend. Take care, okay?
- Thank you.
- Rest well, really. Try to…
Alexa, why was I betrayed?
I can't find an answer to that question.
Shit!
I'm trying to pretend everything's fine,
but it's not. It's not okay.
But it will be.
It will be, okay?
Babi?
Babi? Come on!
- Open up, or I'm breaking in!
- Calm down.
Here. I'm here.
What's this?
Enough already. Snap out of it.
No, girl, I'm not ready.
But you're going to.
Wash your face and come.
Hello!
What's up?
What's up, girl?
I don't know…
I don't know what I like.
I don't know what I want to do.
I'm having an identity crisis.
Suggestion.
What would you never do to your hair
if you were still with Caio?
Gorgeous!
I want Caio out of our office.
We don't need him here.
Wow.
- First, good morning.
- Good morning.
- Welcome back.
- Thank you.
I want Caio out of here today.
And if I were you, I'd watch out for him.
Someone who deceives a woman
like he did to me, is capable of anything.
I understand how you're feeling.
And you're absolutely right.
But as your friend, I have to warn you.
You can't be emotional now.
His business represents
almost a third of our income.
He can't just be gone overnight.
- Try not to mix things up.
- I don't know, Thiago.
I don't want any kind of contact.
I don't want… Hold on.
Answer it. I'll be in my office.
Okay.
- Hello?
- Bárbara?
This is João,
Judge Marco Ladeia's assistant.
I left you some messages the other day
but couldn't reach you.
Your folder is still here.
All right, I'll come get it. Thank you.
Hello.
I came to get my folder.
You're Bárbara, right?
Yes.
Please.
This way.
- Excuse me.
- Of course.
- You're the one who forgot the folder.
- Uh-huh.
Marco. Nice to meet you.
Bárbara. But you can call me Babi.
Babi.
Excuse me.
Here's your folder.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
I'll be on my way.
Thank you.
What?
"Road Harpies Motorcycle Club."
That's interesting.
Babi.
Caio? What are you doing here?
- I need to talk to you.
- Are you following me?
- You're avoiding me.
- I don't wanna talk to you.
I have nothing to say to you. Simple.
I'm asking for a chance to explain myself.
- Please.
- Explain what, Caio?
Speak.
I love you. I'm not seeing her anymore.
For the five years we've spent together.
Let's get out of here. Let's talk.
Try to make peace.
Out of those five years,
you were with her for two.
You are rotten.
I have nothing to hear. Leave me alone.
- This isn't how…
- Don't touch me!
Is he bothering you?
We're sorting out a private matter.
Get out of here.
I'll go.
But I haven't given up on you.
Is everything okay?
Yes.
Everything's okay.
Thank you.
One more, please.
- Are you calmer?
- I am.
No, I'm pissed off.
Who's that guy?
Ex-fiancé.
Current stalker.
And an eternal idiot.
There should be a way to create
a magnetic field around exes, right?
Every time an ex shows up, it's "zap!"
A shock and they're flung far away.
Are you married?
No. I'm in the group of people
who needs a magnetic field like you said.
Do you know that woman?
- Give me a minute. I'll be right back.
- Of course. Go ahead.
Can I have the bill, please?
- Hey, girl.
Sorry I took so long to answer.
I'm on a date.
The guy was in the middle of a sentence,
and I'm polite.
I didn't want to interrupt.
No, go back to your date, crazy.
We'll talk later.
No, no. You can talk. The date is boring.
He talks too much. I just wanna have sex!
I even know the name
of his ex's turtle!
No, it's nothing special.
I wanted to tell you about the judge.
Remember the hot judge
that day at the hearing?
Yes. Did you hook up?
Well, no. I also thought
something would happen,
today we had a drink
near the courthouse,
but then a woman showed up,
kept staring at us.
He got tense and weird.
So, I left, you know?
Yeah, that's weird.
And I did some internet digging now,
and I couldn't find anything about him.
Nothing, girl.
Not one photo, no social media, nothing.
Like a ghost.
Sorry, I didn't hear you. Say that again.
Never mind.
I'm almost home. I'll call you later.
- Okay. See you.
- See you.
Thiago, where are you?
Dude, everything's a mess.
It's all upside down. Can you come over?
Doesn't look like
they took anything from here.
They didn't take
anything from here either!
- Thanks for coming so quickly, for real.
- Of course.
- I was worried about you.
- Me too.
Well, apparently it wasn't a robbery.
It's more like a…
- Yeah…
- A huge mess.
You know what I think?
It was Caio.
Why would he do… this?
I don't know, Thiago.
He came to the courthouse today.
Can you believe it?
We had an argument, and Marco defended me.
Marco?
The judge from the hearing?
That day I left my folder there,
and I went back to get it.
Okay, but what were you doing with him
before Caio arrived?
I want to know, can't I?
Are you guys going out?
No.
Absolutely not. Seriously, it's nothing.
There was a little spark.
We went for a drink.
No big deal.
I don't know, Babi.
Be careful.
I find it very strange
that this judge is hovering around you.
Seriously, you're vulnerable.
I just wanna see you well.
I just want you to be the vibrant,
radiant Babi you've always been, you know?
I want that too.
But I think I lost that Babi somewhere
during those five years with Caio.
I think I don't really know
who I am anymore.
I know who you are.
You're an incredible woman
who's going through bad things.
I want you to know
I'll always be here for you.
I know.
But not just as a friend.
I can be more than that, Babi.
I can…
Um… Thi, it's…
- We better not.
- I'm sorry.
I'm sorry too. I guess I'm still not okay.
Well, do you
need any more help with all this mess?
No. I'm going to distract myself all night
cleaning up this mess.
See you tomorrow?
Definitely.
- Good night.
- Get some rest, okay?
- I will.
See you.
Hi, Camille, how are you?
It's Babi. Do you remember me?
Something unexpected happened,
and I really need my motorcycle back.
You're the new girl who signed up, right?
Right. Babi.
- Alexandre.
- Nice to meet you.
The guys were curious
to know what you were like.
It's been a while
since a woman joined the club.
It can't be easy for you
being among all these men.
- What's holding us up?
- One guy.
Finally.
Let's go, guys.
You're lucky I'm rusty.
Otherwise, I'd already be by the pool
in a bikini waiting for you to arrive.
Oh, yeah?
I've seen your motorcycle
at the courthouse.
I'd never imagine it was yours.
If I'd seen this one, I wouldn't
have imagined it was yours either.
Can I help you?
Thank you.
Nice surprise.
What do you like to drink?
Let's see if you can guess.
What do I look like I drink?
To me, you look like someone who drinks
champagne.
- A very elegant one.
- Good guess.
Open a bottle of champagne for us!
The best you have.
It's on me, all right?
A welcome gift
for joining the motorcycle club.
If I had known I'd be treated so well,
I would've joined sooner.
This treatment is just for you.
To those brutes over there,
not even tap water.
Thank you.
- Look who decided to show up.
- Hey.
I've reserved two spots
to watch the sunset,
best view on this beach.
Come with me?
Let's go.
That was really good, thank you.
This place you reserved is great.
I love this view.
You know, I've never brought anyone here.
Really?
I guess I got used to doing things alone.
I actually prefer it.
I mean,
with you it's different.
Will you think I'm crazy
if I tell you something?
Tell me.
I think you appeared in my dream
before I met you.
- Really?
- Really. I swear.
What was the dream like?
Oh, I don't think
I'll have the guts to tell you.
Try me.
Okay.
We were on our motorcycles,
riding fast. It was raining,
and you slipped, fell, hurt your arm.
Then we entered a dark warehouse…
- And?
- And…
Guess.
Did I guess right?
Uh-huh.
Pick it up.
Excuse me.
Hello?
Hi. No.
What do you mean?
It can't be. Again?
Sorry, I have to deal with a problem.
It's urgent.
Yes?
No, I can get there. I'm on my motorcycle.
I'll be there quickly.
All right.
If this shit keeps happening,
I might do something crazy.
What do you mean, he left you hanging?
What a crazy guy!
The worst part is I really wanted
to hook up with him.
Like, it was good.
Can't you meet later?
I don't know. I think he already left.
It was also very weird, the way he left.
Maybe it's the universe
trying to guide me.
"Better not to insist."
Well, I'm wearing these.
Let me see.
Those panties are horrible.
Exactly, dear. It's perfect!
Explain.
I'm not in the mood
to hook up with this guy.
So, if I feel like doing something stupid,
I'll remember that I'm wearing
these panties and I'll give up.
If you don't want it, why are you going?
Boredom. I hate staying at home
doing nothing on my weekends!
And that's why you need your panties
to do the work for you.
- Bye, Paty! Bye.
- Kisses, bye.
Babi?
We're going to eat at the restaurant.
We'll have some drinks there.
Do you want to join us?
Thanks. I'm going for a walk on the beach.
Want company?
Thanks.
Can't hurt to try.
- Sorry about earlier, Babi.
- No need to explain.
I really wanted to hook up with you
this afternoon.
But that's all.
I'm not looking for a relationship.
I don't want anything serious.
You don't need to waste
your breath on me, got it?
I understand.
More or less.
What I'm trying to say
is that if you're going
to waste your breath on me…
waste it in a different way.
"I had to go. One day
I'll tell you everything about me."
"Thank you for the best night of my life."
- Good morning.
- You were the only one missing.
We can go.
Look, I don't know what's going on
between you and Marco, but don't be upset.
That guy is strange,
doesn't talk properly to anyone.
He's full of mysteries.
You should stay away from him.
STAY AWAY FROM MARCO
Wow, Babi. Creepy, huh?
- Isn't it?
- But at least the hook-up was good, right?
- Stop it. No joking.
- Sorry.
- I think you should file a police report.
- But who am I reporting?
I have no idea who it was.
Like, it could be Caio,
for obvious reasons…
- Bye-bye.
- Bye.
But it could be his mistress.
It could be that crazy-looking woman
at the bar when I was with Marco.
It could be Thiago.
- Thiago?
- Keep it down.
- But he's your partner.
- I know.
And your best friend.
Yeah, but the last time I saw him,
it was so strange.
I didn't tell you, did I?
He came to my house
and confessed his feelings.
- And then?
- Said he wanted to be more than friends…
And? You're killing
the gossipmonger with curiosity.
- He kissed me.
- What? On the lips?
No, on the cheek. Of course, Patrícia!
No way. Juiciest gossip of the year!
I'm so confused.
I don't even know what to think.
No, but that couldn't have been Thiago.
You know why?
That same night you were at the resort,
he was miles away with his friends.
He couldn't have followed you
and filmed that.
- How do you know?
- Well, look at this.
He posted it that night. He was far away.
Wow, I'm glad you saw this.
You see how I am? I'm going crazy.
I'm starting to suspect
even my best friend.
Come here. Stay calm.
It's normal to feel this confused.
- Thank you, girl.
- No. And look.
Don't let these boys disrupt your peace,
okay? You are wonderful.
Focus on your things, on your dreams.
Snap out of it.
- Now, let's go.
- Enough. Let's go for real.
MARCO MISSED CALL
"Expensive whiskeys."
"Good Saints, rare 1937 collection."
Gotcha!
Sucker.
IMPORT CONTRACT
Thiago!
- Yeah?
- Come here.
Look at this.
Do you realize how serious this is?
These are fake accounts
that never came through our office.
- How did you not see this?
- Impossible…
He's involved in the construction scheme.
- He's been deceiving us all along.
- Son of a bitch.
This is really serious.
I always thought he spent too much money.
I didn't tell you so you wouldn't worry.
Now what?
I don't know, Babi.
Do you want me to go to his office?
I want to punch him.
No! Stay calm. Now we need to be smart.
- We have to act calmly.
- Stay calm?
- Yes.
- Stay calm, Babi?
This guy is a criminal. He's a crook.
He's no longer the Caio you knew.
- He needs a beating to learn!
- Look at me.
If you beat him up,
besides facing a lawsuit,
he'll get rid of the evidence.
He'll act quickly!
We need to be smarter than him.
We need to keep this laptop
and take it straight to the prosecutor.
Or directly to the judge on the case!
- Marco?
- Yes.
I think he would help us.
Okay. But before that,
let's take it to our lawyers.
Let's see what they say.
There might be a solution
smarter than this.
- Okay.
- Babi.
I swear I didn't know anything.
I won't be complicit in any crime.
Me neither.
I'm with you all the way on this,
do you understand?
Hold on.
Excuse me, are you Bárbara Vieira?
I have a delivery for you.
Thank you.
Good morning.
Who sent it?
Marco.
Figures.
Look, Babi, don't take it the wrong way,
but it's very weird for this judge
to be harassing you like this.
- That's a bummer, Thiago.
- No, not a bummer.
Didn't you tell me the other day
to keep an eye out?
Lots of ill-intentioned people around.
Excuse me.
Bye.
Don't mind him. He's jealous.
Read it.
"I apologize for how I left that day."
"Have dinner with me
at my house tomorrow?"
"I'll send a car for you
at 7:00 p.m. sharp."
I find it elegant.
I don't. And I don't want to go, okay?
After everything I've been through
with Caio, I can't risk it.
What if Thiago is right?
What if he's really a crook in disguise?
If you keep thinking
that every guy is a liar like Caio,
you won't date anyone else.
Don't you agree?
I don't know if he deserves
this second chance, you know?
You know what I think?
I think the best things in life
are miracles disguised as second chances.
I'm not saying this
so you give Marco a second chance.
It's for yourself.
That's beautiful.
Did you come up with that?
Of course not! I saw it in a book
or a fortune cookie.
It doesn't matter where.
What matters is the message.
I was afraid you wouldn't come.
And I was afraid to come.
I'm glad you came.
- May I?
- Of course.
I set up a little place for us here.
Thank you.
- Would you like some wine?
- Please.
I hope you like lamb.
- Did you make it?
- Mm-hmm.
I started to suspect
he was stealing from his partner.
- And then?
- So, I confronted the guy
in front of everyone, and of course,
his partner believed him. I lost my job.
I spent a few months paying the cleaner
to give me the guy's trash
at the end of each day.
And then I managed to find some evidence
I needed to put together a dossier
and send it to the partner's house
with a bouquet of flowers.
She ended the partnership
and offered me a job,
but by that time, I was already focused
on the idea of becoming a judge.
I needed to study, so I didn't take it.
Wow. Nineteen years old
and you were already like that?
Obsessed?
I've always pursued the truth.
A toast to the truth then.
A toast to the truth.
I had forgotten
that life could be this light.
Enjoyable.
I had forgotten who I was.
I need to use the restroom.
Sure.
It's at the end of the hallway,
on the left.
Excuse me.
What are you doing here?
I…
think I got the wrong door.
The bathroom is that way.
Okay.
Your phone hasn't stopped ringing.
Let me see.
Oh, it's Paty, my friend.
We have a security app
that sends each other real-time locations.
I'm letting her know I'm okay.
Hi, girl. I forgot to tell you
I agreed to have dinner with Marco.
I'm being treated well.
And I found out
that he lives in a paradox.
Obsessed with the truth
and mysterious at the same time.
But don't worry.
I don't think he's dangerous.
I'll call you later.
It's so hard for me to trust someone.
To talk about what I feel.
Lately, I've been going through a lot of
complicated things.
I still am.
But with you by my side,
I feel like things can start
going right for me again.
You talk so much
about how complicated your life is.
What's so complicated
that you can't tell me?
I know. He's with her.
- Don't touch me.
- I'm going to call Mr. Marco.
- Please, Ms. Paula…
- Don't touch me.
Wait. I'm going to call Dr. Marco,
but you have to wait downstairs.
Wait? You're crazy.
This house is mine too.
Paula, what are you doing here?
Can you please leave?
So you're the idiot
who's seeing my husband?
Husband?
- It's not like that, Babi.
- Are you married?
Yes, we are. We're married, yes.
Very much married. You didn't know?
Oh, what a sad little face.
So you believed his little story, huh?
The poor hurt man.
Disillusioned. Needs care, right?
- Shut up, Paula!
- No. Don't "Shut up" me.
She needs to know the truth.
She needs to know what you've done to me.
How you ruined my life,
how you left me alone
when I needed you the most.
She needs to know what a monster,
what a bastard you are.
Now, if he did this to me,
to his own wife,
imagine what he'll do to you?
A meaningless fuck.
- Babi.
- Excuse me.
You had no right.
Go! Go away. You can go. Go!
Babi, wait! Listen to me.
Let go of me!
The guy who pursues the truth, right?
All of that to hide
the big liar that you are.
Don't come looking for me anymore.
Don't come after me.
Hi, Sleeping Beauty.
- Hi, girl.
- What's up? Let's eat?
Let's have some soup.
Excuse me.
Since he's here, I'm gonna
take your folks to eat something.
- Okay.
- What do you think? Let's go?
- Let's go.
- Thank you.
- Take care of her, okay?
- You got it.
I brought chocolates.
I want that.
Hi.
My God.
What a scare, huh, Babi?
Yeah, right?
But what matters is that you're okay now,
out of danger.
I hope so.
Oh, Thi, I don't…
I don't remember much,
but I had the feeling
they deliberately drove the car at me.
On purpose?
Uh-huh.
That's very serious. Who would do that?
I don't know.
I don't even know if that's what happened,
but it's the feeling I had.
Only if Caio…
Caio?
I don't know
what to think anymore, honestly.
Excuse me.
It's good to see you awake.
We don't have anything to talk about.
We don't have to talk now.
I just wanted to see you.
You've seen me.
Look…
Babi is very thankful
for the flowers.
But she needs to rest.
I think it's best you leave.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Hey, Fernando, it's Marco.
How's it going, man?
I need to ask you a favor.
I need to check some traffic images…
and I need to wiretap someone.
Come on, dear. Everything's okay.
- Thank you.
- Are you okay?
Now go get some rest, okay?
And that's it.
Here you go. Drink. It's nice and warm.
- Thanks, Mom.
- You're welcome, dear.
It'll also be good
to get back to work, you know?
- I think I'll drop by tomorrow.
- No, you don't need to.
- Thiago and I can handle it.
- I know, but I want to go.
There's no point in staying at home.
Thinking nonsense,
getting depressed. It's worse.
Oh, come on. I won't allow that at all.
If I start feeling unwell,
I promise I'll come home.
- I promise.
- We'll see.
Could you answer the intercom for me,
Mom, please?
Hello? Just a minute, please.
Marco's at the door.
Marco?
Hello.
I think it's not the best time, but…
I need to explain myself
after what happened at home.
More than explain myself.
I need you to see it with your own eyes.
Vitória has a rare condition.
Emanuel Syndrome.
She has weak muscle tone.
She was born
with some developmental problems.
A malformation of the intestines,
and a heart problem.
- Paula is Vitória's mother?
- Yes.
Are you still married?
We were married. For four years.
At first, we were happy, of course.
But even before getting pregnant,
Paula's mental health worried me.
And when she got pregnant,
it only got worse.
I did everything.
Took her to a psychologist,
a psychiatrist, but
she would start treatment
and then abandon it.
Then Vitória was born,
and we found out about the syndrome…
I thought that by getting married,
having a child, becoming a mother,
I would find myself in life.
But it seems
that the exact opposite happened.
I kept losing myself more and more.
It won't go away.
I know it won't.
Did you keep taking care of her?
Yes, of course. We stayed together.
I tried.
Until one night she came to the hospital,
took Vitória from the room
and tried to run away.
And Vitória can't survive
without the machines.
Thank goodness I was here to stop her.
To save my daughter's life,
I had to legally prevent Paula
from having contact with Vitória.
It was the hardest decision of my life.
That's why that day on the pier
I ended up leaving you alone.
They called me from the hospital saying
she was trying to get in by any means.
After all of that,
I swore I'd never
get involved with anyone again.
But the truth is…
I'm completely in love with you.
My divorce with Paula
is about to be finalized.
Any day now.
And I'll be able to restart my life.
Well, we should wait then, right?
I've waited long enough, Babi.
I'm certain of what I want.
Marco, I think I need some time
to process all of this.
It's a lot of information,
and I also have a serious issue
at work to take care of.
Give me some time.
Some time for us.
Fair enough.
I'll wait.
Thank you, Fernando.
If anything comes up on the wiretap,
I'll let you know.
- Okay.
- Bye.
- They looked up the license plate.
- And?
It's cloned. This story keeps getting
weirder and weirder.
It could be an unfortunate coincidence,
I don't know.
Just in case,
Fernando put in the wiretaps.
What you're doing
could get you in serious shit, right?
You know that.
I need to know what's happening.
I have to protect Babi.
Decaf.
You're the one recovering,
and I'm getting pampered? Not fair.
I'm very happy you're back.
Me too. Hey, let me ask you something.
What's up with Caio's computer?
Did you talk to the lawyers?
Did you show them?
I did. I left the laptop with them,
but these things take time,
Babi, you know it, right?
I think we should bring it
straight to Marco.
But Marco is the judge, Babi.
The judge on the case. It can't go to him.
I know. But he's proving
to be an amazing person.
He's willing to help.
And he'd expedite the whole process.
Should we do that?
We can't let Caio go unpunished anymore.
You're right.
Let's just put an end to this.
I'm with you.
Let's go now, then? To the courthouse?
I just need to stop by my place
and get copies of the files.
- Oh, you made copies?
- Obviously.
It's all on the cloud, on hard drives.
I just gotta swing by home to get them.
Great, that's important.
I just need to sort out a few things,
and I can pick you up
at your place in two hours, okay?
Sounds good.
- Okay.
- See you soon.
See you soon.
Just--
I'll fix it.
Hey, Caio.
What happened?
They broke into my house. Tortured me.
They're watching everything, Thiago.
They said if I don't fix this shit,
I should expect the worst.
You have to tell them it's not my fault.
I didn't give Babi the laptop.
It's pointless.
What Babi knows incriminates everyone.
Fuck, I want out.
I don't wanna be part of this anymore.
I want out.
Let me make this clear.
If Babi and the evidence don't disappear,
we'll be the ones who disappear, got it?
When you said I could get more cash
with that damn construction company,
I didn't know you'd involve us
with criminals.
What did you fucking think?
You pretended not to know
where the money came from.
Although, you didn't mind
spending it, right?
Car, jewelry,
whiskey,
mistress.
You splurged so much
that I had to get you away from Babi.
I did everything
to keep her off the radar.
I stalked her,
threatened her,
had her fucking motorcycle crashed,
but Babi is stubborn.
Now she's in love with that judge.
And I guess that you,
with all your brains,
already know what that means.
From now on,
it's her or us.
What do you prefer?
Babi is in danger.
What's up?
- Do you have everything?
- Yes.
Right here.
Let's go.
I'm relieved to hand over
this evidence to Marco, you know?
I think we're doing the right thing.
I'm sure we are.
Thiago, isn't the courthouse
the other way?
Yes, Babi,
the courthouse is the other way.
So what route is this?
What's happening?
What's this?
I think you'd better stay quiet, Babi.
Come on, Babi. Pick up!
Don't answer it.
- I'm in the car with Thiago…
- Are you crazy?
- Stop!
- Give me that shit.
Stop, Thiago, you're gonna crash!
Try me! Shut up!
Fuck!
Try that shit again and see what happens!
Hello? Marco?
Hey, Paty, thank God. Babi's in trouble.
You have that location app, right?
- Oh my God. Just a sec, let me check.
- Please.
- Go!
- Here it is, found it.
She's leaving Marginal Pinheiros
and getting onto Guido Caloi.
Okay. Stay on the line! Stay there!
Thiago, if this is about the report,
if you're involved,
we can talk. You're my brother.
I don't want to screw you over.
I don't believe you anymore, Babi.
Now shut the fuck up and let me drive.
- Hello?
- Hello, Secretary Aguiar?
- Hi, Marco.
- I have evidence that two men
are planning to kill an innocent woman.
I'm sending you my location.
We don't have much time, Secretary.
Calm down. Don't do anything
until the cops arrive, got it?
All right.
- Go on.
- They're getting close to the dam.
I'm on it.
Listen carefully.
You're gonna get out of the car,
and you're gonna do what I say.
If you try to run,
if you scream,
I'll blow a hole in your head.
Do you understand?
Get out of the car, Babi.
- Fucking move!
- Oh, stop, Thiago. Stop.
Keep going straight and take
the next right. Marco, save Babi!
Thiago, there's no reason to do this.
We can pretend we don't know.
I haven't told Marco anything yet.
Walk.
I saw the adulterated financial statements
and fake invoices, I saw it all.
There's nothing to incriminate you.
Let me help you.
Let me help you get out of this.
I want to get back at Caio, not you.
You're my best friend, Thiago.
You didn't mean any harm.
You got caught in Caio's lies, like I did.
Shut up!
Shut up, damn it!
You don't know shit, okay?
No.
Hold this.
Get in the grave.
Why are you doing this to me?
I just wanted more money.
Caio just wanted to fuck other women.
And you had to meddle, right?
If I don't make you disappear,
they'll kill me.
And that's why you're gonna die.
No.
You shoot.
Fuck, Thiago.
Didn't you wanna be part of the scheme?
This is part of the scheme.
Anyone who knows too much ends up dead.
I need to know you can finish this, Caio.
It's her or us.
Don't do it.
Don't do it, Caio. Look at me.
I love you.
Shoot.
Look at me, Caio.
Fucking shoot!
Fuck, I can't, Thiago.
- Are you crazy, man?
- I can't.
- We're gonna die!
- Fuck!
Calm down, brother.
Calm down. Easy…
What did you do?
Oh, Caio!
What did I do?
Look what you fucking made me do!
Oh my God!
Marco!
Calm down. I'm putting it down.
It's over, Babi.
Look at me.
Stay here. Stay with me.
Two men were arrested
after trying to kill a woman
just now, in the south of São Paulo.
The criminals are Caio Siqueira
and Thiago Freitas.
The victim, Bárbara Vieira, had found out
about a money-laundering scheme
at the accounting office where she was
a partner with one of the criminals.
The most intriguing part of this story
is that the judge handling the case…
It's gonna be okay.
…was at the scene
and allegedly prevented the murder.
What a story, huh?
AMBULANCE
SIX MONTHS LATER
The doctors are really excited.
I think she's gonna be discharged
and come home this week.
That's great.
Vitória is so lucky
to be your daughter, you know?
I am so lucky to be Vitória's dad.
Oh, it's Paty.
Hey, girl, how's the trip going?
Do you like the inn?
Girl, I'm loving it, for real.
Your recommendation was great.
So, girl, I have a bomb to drop on you.
I didn't tell you before
because I wasn't sure.
Say it already. I hate mysteries.
After years of dragging myself
through the gutter,
kissing people all over São Paulo,
I've decided to settle down.
No way.
I'm in a relationship.
You're in a relationship? Are you serious?
- You don't believe me, do you?
- No.
Come here. Remember him?
Hey, how's it going?
From you-know-who's office?
I don't believe it!
Hi, how are you? Long time no see!
Girl, we're so happy, the three of us.
Three?
The three of us. Me, Júnior, and Rodrigo.
Look, Paty,
I really have no idea what to do with you.
We'll talk more later.
Now I have a lot to--
That's great,
I hope you all are very happy!
Subtitles translation by: Andre Wacemberg